a nice little display there Larry thank
you all right sixty nuggets in 20
minutes be ready to go what is that yeah
I'll turn the TV on over to three times
going time to click
feel like a bad Christine I have a
confession I hope he doesn't do it so
that I've got some nuggets kids in the
car smells so good I was like a long
I finish the Box in two minutes I ain't
fucking around I hope I'm feel like shit
I think drinking fucks you up it's gonna
be tight why are you wiping out Oh what
you were talking so much shit more there
goes man down there I was 20 I never had
one point before oh yeah and there are
for those of you that do not know ten
nuggets in each one of these boxes I are
respectful okay man this is hard you're
talking so much shit when you were
watching it girl Christine I got this I
got this the middle of music 15 minutes
that's third
let's go fish under here on kick serious
yeah sweating I need a birth how do they
burn
oh right how's it good I'm only doing 50
trying my hardest honey come on Larry
maybe you lose you have to show your ass
what's with my butt 13 minutes left
fifteen dollars and ten cents you know
we're doing a bit of a rest of my good i
bet i work for Barrow really oh man I
fell so yet excuse me come on well I
just like a burn I feel sick are you
blaming Tyler for this yes keep mine in
the colony like it wasn't even
struggling you just chillin talkin
riddles I'm still doing man you love a
minute look I doctors shit i went to
toggle forest cover one's heart now
diary huh am I going to do this to 60 in
15-20 minutes I'll be like oh I want to
be talking shit right now because what
uncle are more because I'm good you said
barbecue son you're good I'm trying to
say some for you your eyes are watering
this is paying for a laugh come on Larry
Larry this probably last time I
overheated nutty he's on his last box 10
left I'm in pain and doing this a
Wolverine nine minutes 59 minutes it was
just totally in here his last box I'm
stressed out to the gills here let me
know slap you can i miss ma'am ducky
Boruc give a shit your own there oh my
god just shove chew in your mouth oh my
god did the words I can't just come out
of your mouth I got six minutes I'm
gonna chill drinking a beer the longest
what if it's my life ah Christy not only
yeah man this is
oh shit come on dude you could do this I
need the bark is not cutting they taste
like shit hi I got this shit he's got
three left toggle thing ever I'd do my
whole life Burpee laughter oh my let
down it's really far the texture just
mash taters Oh Larry you got it 10 to
let it take so shitty oh my gosh p I
think you're gonna actually do it I need
some text some tastier my sriracha on it
one shit what your time oh yeah here is
the time Oh three minutes I told you I
haven't fit are you dish it over there
you still have it here it goes no oh
still got half that nugget left namaste
oh it is you go laughter
I said done he did it I smash the word
respect to time ago that was hard how do
you bet what do you do the rest of day
bring it